hello with you technical review from
astroscope labs
I am Viktor Leonidov today to yours
attention we offer binoculars
from the famous photo maker
optical technology international
nikon corporations meet model pro
staff 5 10 to 50 in front of us is colorful
carton with logo is not a horse with
photographs of binoculars as well
sticker serial number us barcode
and Japan and the inscription Maidan tea case
very high quality tight from loop and on
the lap belt has a velcro fastener and
soft synthetic lining along with
Binoculars it posted a wide neck.
belt a few multilingual instructions
and corporate warranty card black
matt binoculars with gold plated
voluminous inscriptions looks very
presentable binocular pretty
weighty keep him comfortable for
special lodgements of the middle part
eyepiece cover housing
and lenses made of hard plastic
separate although the latter have narrow
split lugs
fasten them on your belt, Bradley did not succeed
lose their focus knob large
plastic mount stroke focusing for
and daniel in that smooth precise
minimum focusing distance is about
five meters of the eyecup tight covered
soft rubber mechanism turning on
retractable with three fixed
The positions of the eyepieces are very large.
diameter of eye lenses is 24 millimeter
multi-layer enlightenment 7 purple
The tones of the objective tubes have good
frosted blackening lenses are fixed in
these are threaded rings and has on the layer
on and enlightenment dim greens and
purple shades
observations showed little darkish th
picture
which is typical of optics with um si
enlightenment is present
slight chromatism
and pillow-shaped distortion closer to paradise
noticeable field curvature common to
wide-angle eyepieces on our system
binoculars gets 7 points out of 10 so
binoculars we liked the design and
excellent mechanical performance
optical capabilities are quite
characteristic of binoculars of this class
It can be recommended for any
observations with sufficient light and
of course he will be beautiful
a presentable gift with you was
technical review from the laboratory
astroscope
see you soon in our store